==  Spree TaxCloud SOAP API 

USA Tax calculation extension for Spree using Tax Cloud service .

Based on the work of Chris Mar and Drew Tempelmeyer.


===USAGE

Create an account with TaxCloud:

  https://taxcloud.net

...and get an api_login_id and api_key.


Run below to install migrations:



    bundle exec rails g spree_tax_cloud:install 


===Configure in Spree Admin

Go to configurations, then on left side of page
will be a link for TaxCloud settings. Enter your
login, api_id, product tic, shipping tic, and business address.



===Exceptions
Handling exceptions during Spree's checkout state machine is an important
part of integrating Tax Cloud. There are two broad cases which spree_tax_cloud handles:

====A HTTP response != 200
If for any reason a connection cannot be made to Tax Cloud, or the API's HTTP response code is
something other than 200, this error is silently ignored, allowing checkout to proceed without
a tax calculation. You can change this default by overriding Spree::Order#handle_unknown_lookup_error
and Spree::Order#handle_unknown_capture_error.


====A HTTP response == 200, 
If communication is functioning properly with the API, but the submitted data, causes
the API to return an error code during lookup or capture, the error is silently ignored, 
allowing checkout to proceed without a tax calculation. You can change this default by 
overriding Spree::Order#rescue_tax_cloud_lookup_error and Spree::Order#rescue_tax_cloud_capture_error.


====Exception Notification
It's probably a good idea to override the default methods anyway to be able to add exception notifications, so you can monitor
the rate at which TaxCloud related exceptions are occuring.


===NOTE


At this time spree_tax_cloud does not handle multiple tax category tic's,
and verify address is not implemented. Capture and authorize are performed
in 'capture'. Spree Tax Cloud is best used with Spree Promotion Tax to ensure
promotions are deducted before tax is charged.


===COPYRIGHT


Spree Tax Cloud Copyright (c) by Jerrold R Thompson (@jet) released under the 'new' BSD license.


